I thought you liked them.
I don't know.
You want to get out of that shot.
Okay, me or the kids?
The kids should get out of the shot.
They said they didn't need any?
Oh, yes, please.
Thank you.
Yes, very nice.
I also have a friend who lives here.
Her name is Boyce Black.
Boyce Black.
Her name is Dahlia.
Yes, her name is Dahlia Snow.
The other blue one is a helicopter.
It's called...
Because of Mark, who lives here, I've met him a couple of times.
He's from Cuba.
He's married to a girl from Wisconsin.
And I heard yesterday that he has a master's in dance.
And Florida.
He studied there.
And then he went to Utah.
Well, I took him to Texas.
He liked it there.
But he's not happy in the U.S.
Oh yeah, that's a very neat brand that he sells at all kinds of stores.
So I have a lot of information about him.
I have no problem at all with the American dog.
He's a really, really nice dog.
He's a dog that's loved by us because he's been playing with leaves all day.
Yes, yes, yes.
And then if you'd like, you'll have a little spoon, baby.
It looks like it was live, but I don't know if you saw me on the wheel or not.
Could you see me on the wheel or no?
Testing one, two.
Oh, you could see me on the wheel.
Good, good, good, good.
Okay, great.
Great.
Yeah, my helmet is green though.
So it's not so great for the green screen.
Which is kind of annoying.
I really just wanted to say Happy Memorial Day, if that's an appropriate thing to say.
I don't even know.
And just let everybody know that I, you know, I'm going live every day, five days a week.
It's just that, you know, today's kind of a vacation day.
The kids are selling lemonade.
trying to get rid of some of the stuff we don't need yeah so I'm gonna take another couple spins and then maybe I'm gonna come in here and throw something on let me see what I got here in the list
Yeah, I don't know.
I just wanted to say hi to everybody.
Maybe I'm probably just gonna look at the chat and I'll come back after a couple, a couple rounds.
Maybe you can see me if you look over Fearless' shoulder and on the street on the other side there.
If you look right through the green, just over the pink bicycle, you should be able to see me through there and then I'll come back around and up the hill and then
I'll check on the chat.
If you have any questions or something like that, put it in the chat then I guess, and I'll come back in a minute.
How do you do?
Oran.
And tomorrow evening you're going to... Yes, tomorrow evening you're going to...
Oh, and then I think, then I say that when we arrive at that house, I know that the boys can already be free.
But what do you actually want to know, who knows, when we arrive?
I don't know.
Because, uh... I don't know.
But I don't know, right?
I don't know.
No.
Well, I at least know that the boys are already free, when we arrive.
Because I know that the boys can be free.
But well, that's another story.
Yeah.
yeah yeah
That's kind of how I feel too.
It's not really a happy thing.
I almost feel like when you're at these parades and they're throwing candy.
They were throwing candy this morning and maybe I have to move that over a little bit.
The just the throwing of candy is also just kind of, I don't know, it can kind of feel kind of lame, I guess.
I'm not saying it's bad, but is that really the what, whoops, is that really what we want to be doing for Memorial Day?
I don't know.
I kind of agree with that as well.
We sold a mini bike and two scooters, like you know, step scooters.
Yeah, we got some of the stuff out of here.
We got two chairs that I got from the medical school that I was super excited about when I first got them.
We didn't really have room for them.
I was going to get a table to match them and all this other stuff, but that all never happened.
And so then they were just taking up room in different people's rooms and in the bathroom somewhere.
And so we got rid of those chairs and somebody was really happy to have them.
So that's cool.
It's also the riding of the wheel.
Thank you very much.
It is because I started playing basketball again.
I can ride that thing again.
I got a very big wheel there.
So I started riding in 2016, I think, right before we moved back to the United States.
And so I was riding one of the first generation of wheels, and that was in Rotterdam.
And I actually rode it back and forth from the lab for about three months or so.
And at one point in time, I actually went out.
This sounds nuts, but I did.
I went out drinking.
with the lab knowing that I had to commute back to my house on my wheel and I put my headphones in afterward turned on the music and just leaned into it and
Maybe eight seconds later, I couldn't hear the beeping.
I had never, never driven with the kind of aggression that I took off with.
And I face planted right in the middle of a street in Rotterdam, skidded, you know, I mean, it was nasty.
I was just lucky enough not to hit my face.
I didn't have a helmet on or anything.
Because it was a smaller wheel, you know, whatever.
I'm only going 17 miles an hour, but if that wheel
under or overpowers it'll it just kills it just dies and so then you just fall on your face so um the wheel that i'm riding is called a sherman i think um and i got it about three years ago um four years ago did i get it during the pandemic i can't remember anymore how long i've had it
But I wasn't riding it a lot because it's a heavy wheel.
It's got a huge battery in it.
You can run like a hundred miles on it.
But if you want to ride a wheel for a hundred miles, not only do you have to have good core strength, but your feet, your feet, the ball, the arch of your foot needs to be so strong because you're kind of balancing on your toes all the time.
Your heel is on the bottom when you're slowing down, but most of the time you're right at the balance point of your heel.
Pushing on those things and keeping it pinned against one leg if you're going fast enough And so that's a pretty advanced wheel if I could be so bold.
It's hard to ride really slow That's why I'm practicing riding slow all the time and It's been a plan of mine for a long time to start shooting little little biology videos on that wheel And so now I'm just kind of letting the neighbors know that I'm here And I've been practicing for the last few weeks now that I've been
So much in the basketball gym.
My feet are better, my legs are better, my back is better.
And so I feel pretty comfortable on it now actually.
I'm really happy.
It's one of those things you definitely don't forget how to do.
So it's a fun thing.
Install and relaunch.
Yes.
I don't know if it's going to mess up the stream or not if I do that, but I'm going to do it anyway.
I don't see any other questions in the chat.
I just thought I would say hello again.
This is not, I don't have any planned today.
We have all the kids home and there's also my neighbor's kids are over here and so they're having a lemonade stand.
It's been pretty busy.
Mikey is out in front barking at everybody and so it's kind of
A lot of balls to juggle today, so I probably won't put together a formal show.
But I thought I would at least say hello.
Yes, we also made a lot of room here.
I'm getting rid of one mini bike and a couple of these scooters and a couple of these chairs and a tremendous amount of room has been cleared up in our basement in my garage.
So that's really great.
I have a lot of electronics that nobody's buying.
Um, but yeah, it's, it's good.
We also kind of, you know, had to make that choice of what is our, what do we have right now?
What do we want right now?
Um, and this was also going to be a test stream because I wanted to see what else I could pull off.
Um, so I'm going to check, test a few other things.
And again, if you have any questions you want me to answer or address, um, just put them in the chat and I'll see what I can do when I get back.
What I was thinking about doing is seeing how much remote sound I can get from how far I can go because I can test it and talk while I test it, which is what I want to do now.
So I'll set that all up and then I'll see if I can test that out.
I need this one.
So this will be neat because what I've got here is a mic that I had set up from... Somebody gave me these.
The remote mics.
A guy by the name of Alan from Canada.
And I've used these for the basketball court.
They were absolutely fantastic mics.
And so I'm going to use one now.
See where it gets me.
Testing 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2, test.
See that should... Testing 1, 2, test.
See, I can do that.
Is that working?
Now there might have been a slight echo, but now there shouldn't be.
There might have been one when I had it like this, there should be a slight echo.
Maybe I have to put my headphones in.
Hold on one second.
Because this remote mic, test one, two, testing one, two, test.
Test one, two, testing one, two, test.
Test one, two.
Testing one, two, test.
So that would be there.
So this isn't going to do anything.
Test 1, 2.
Test, test, test.
Testing 1, 2.
Test.
Test 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2.
Why don't I hear that?
Test.
Test 1, 2.
Testing.
One, two.
Test, test, test.
Is that not mic two?
That is mic two, right?
Test, test, test.
Why don't I hear you?
Test 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2.
Test.
Why doesn't that work?
I see such a big signal there.
I don't see anything there.
Why don't I see it here?
What am I doing wrong?
Something dumb.
Hmm.
Oh, is it this note?
It's not that.
Something dumb.
Test, test, test.
can see it right there why can't I see it here see it sees it on the ATM mini but the audio is not coming out why isn't the audio coming out test one two test
Okay.
Maybe I don't have the monitor on.
Maybe I have to put those settings different.
I like mic audio, desktop audio, mini, monitor.
Test 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2.
See, I can see it on the screen there.
Test 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2.
Test.
Test 1, 2.
Why don't I hear it?
Shit.
That hears it.
Can you hear me?
I don't think you can hear me.
It's the signal that I see on the screen you can't hear because it's really a big signal.
Test one, two.
Test, test, test.
Testing, test, test.
I can see that one, but I can't hear the other one.
Why can't I hear the other one?
Test, test, test.
I guess I gotta put it in this side.
That's what I gotta do.
Test, test, test.
Testing one, two.
Oh, there it is.
See?
Test, test, test, test.
Testing one, two, test.
Test one, two, test.
Test.
Test 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2.
Test.
Test 1, 2.
Why are you not so loud?
Test.
Testing.
Now it's going to be too high.
Test.
Hmm.
I need to turn that up.
Test.
Test, test.
Test, test, test, test.
Testing 1-2.
Test 1-2.
Why don't I hear you?
Test.
It's really not that good.
Hmm.
test test testing test one test test testing test test testing it's not that bad test test one two testing one two test test one two why can't i get it a little higher over here test is it like auto limiting or something
Testing 1, 2, test.
Test 1, 2, testing.
Test 1, 2, oh, test.
Testing 1, 2.
Testing, test 1, 2, test 1, 2, testing 1, 2, test.
Oh my gosh, you little fumbly thing.
No, you want to put it this way.
Wait, that's backwards.
How's that going to go forward?
There.
Like that.
Oh boy, that's going to be fancy.
Let me take my earbuds off here.
It's not going to work.
I'm not going to be able to monitor.
Test one, two.
Testing one, two.
Test.
Test one, two.
That's not very good at all.
Test.
That's not good at all.
That sucks.
Why does it suck?
Where's the box?
I don't know why.
I really don't.
Test 1-2.
Testing 1-2.
Test.
Test 1-2.
I don't know.
It still kind of sucks.
I'm just gonna keep recording this because I'm recording it and then I can see how it works and whether it works.
Test 1-2, testing 1-2, test.
Test 1-2.
Okay, but the sound goes all the way down so that's actually really good.
There's an echo now.
Why would there be an echo now?
Hmm, there's no echo.
I think the echo's gone.
Should be echo gone now.
Oh yeah, that echo.
Now that echo should be gone.
Now it's gone.
I think it should be fine.
Now what I'm gonna do is see how far I can go before I lose the signal.
So let's see, let's put this receiver in an optimal spot.
Where is the receiver?
Oh yeah, I have it plugged in over here, which means I can really put it in an optimal spot.
Yes.
La da da da da da da da.
All these things are tangled up good.
Okay, there we go.
Good optimal receptor spot.
Ideally, it would go out the door over here.
But this might be alright.
I'm just gonna take a quick ride and see what it does.
Do I have it on the right camera?
Hey, Usatonic, good to see you, man.
I'm glad you're in the chat.
I'm gonna take a spin, I'll be right back.
Reginald says it works fine.
All right, well, let's see.
I got it turned up pretty high though, so let's see.
Test.
But it fades all the way to dead.
That's pretty impressive.
All right, let's see how far it goes.
Funny.
Let's see how far I can go.
Wouldn't it be funny if I could go all the way around?
Because if I can go all the way around, of course, then we have... So what you should be doing now is getting ready
You should be getting ready in the chat to type the words that you hear and I'll tell you where I am on the ride and then you can tell me when you hear me or when you don't hear me.
This thing won't report and I don't have a monitor so check it.
First I'm just gonna see if I can make it out to the driveway.
Hopefully I can.
So the first question is, can I really even sit here and talk?
Um, because if I can, then in theory I could put the screen right there.
I could have Bluetooth headphones and I could do some morning streams from the street, basically have the cars driving by.
So that's my first test.
If you can help me out by typing in the chat, whether you could hear me there or not.
Um,
Then I'll see how far I can go out from there.
Yes, hear me?
Yes, it works.
You, yes, in the chair, sounds good.
Yes, great.
Okay, now we're going to go a little farther.
Wow, I wonder how far this thing can go.
Here we go.
Okay, I'm gonna go up to the top of the hill here.
Um...
And now I'm coming in the driveway and so If you could hear me all the way up the hill I would be very surprised but possible So I'm gonna come and check now That far then for sure if I had a longer cord all I need is a longer cord
And in theory, I could go really far.
So did it cut out?
I guess it cut out, right?
Up until the top of the hill here.
Nothing now until I'm coming down that heard you and coming in the driveway.
Okay.
Almost line of sight.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I'm going to see if I can put it out there farther.
So I think if I have a correct, I don't know, this cord might not work.
I had a cord.
I had a cord that I was throwing out.
Let's see if it works.
Oh yeah, see that needs to be... That won't work anyway because I need a connector for that.
Shoot.
Okay, that's the... That is the cord I want to test, but... I don't think I can test it.
Yeah, I would probably need Linosite indeed.
That's probably what I need.
Probably need Linosite.
But if you can see me in the...
helmet must have helped a little bit.
That does mean I'm gonna be able to record with this thing in the helmet which is nice because I do think that'll work.
Let's see here.
Need this wire.
Can't find the wire.
What is everyone else doing for their Memorial Day?
Any special barbecuing?
Special bourbon?
Special people you're trying to remember?
Test 1-2, testing 1-2 test.
test one two it's still very soft very very soft i don't know i really feel like it records well but it's just soft i would have to boost it in post and if i turn it up too high i don't think it sounds very good let me see again
So I can't really use this one for an in the room monitor unless I can turn up the heat in the in the settings.
Which is again what I was gonna do before but I wasn't there.
Oh yeah it's here.
So can I do it in here?
Does this thing allow me to do anything like that?
No.
Hmm.
Okay.
Thanks for dropping by my fauna.
Thank you for dropping by.
Test, test, test.
Testing, one, two, test.
Test, one, two.
Test, one, two, test.
Testing, one, two, test.
Yeah, it's just a little shh.
It's a little fuzzy when I turn it up that loud.
I don't like it that loud.
It sounds funny to me when I turn it up that loud.
And I hear noise when I turn it up that loud.
Testing 1, 2.
Test 1, 2.
I guess I can put it right there, though.
And it ain't gonna bother the mic very much.
I could probably even put it right there.
If I think about it.
I bet it can go right here.
So I had a good spot for it, though.
That spot was working well.
What about, oh yeah.
Got to go off camera for a second and find something
You know, so much of what people... Let me change this.
So much of what people will tell you is their YouTube channel is... They're just full of shit, and I'll tell you why.
Because they have no signs that they ever had to troubleshoot anything.
What I'm trying to do right now is figure out how to fasten inside of the baseball helmet
Fastened inside of the baseball helmet the the microphone and that's why I thought the baseball helmet is pretty nice It's still got really nice padding and it you know, I'm not gonna I don't fall on the wheel I haven't fallen on the wheel in a very long time knock on wood and I don't ride that fast Unless I know where I'm riding
And that wheel is very stable, and riding a wheel is really very stable.
If you've never ridden one, you don't know how to ride one, then it looks like magic.
And it looks like it must be very very hard, but it's actually very intuitive.
And if you're in control, it's pretty hard to get into a massive crash.
Unless the power goes out.
And so that lesson, I've learned the hard way a couple times.
And the main reason why you learn that lesson is because the... I know you can't see it.
Is because the...
Is because the wheel is not strong enough for you.
So if you're a 200 pound man and you get on a wheel like this, it better be strong enough.
Otherwise you're gonna, if you lean too far into it, you could just overload it.
And in 5 to 8 seconds it could just turn off.
Usually they have some kind of warning system, like a beeping thing.
This one will beep.
If I go too fast, I can't overload it.
But if I go too fast, it'll start beeping.
But it's set to beep right now, I think at 28 miles an hour.
And I never hit that.
And this thing can go 40, maybe even 50 miles an hour.
I wouldn't know because I would never be able to ride it that fast.
So, it is fun though.
I can't stress enough how much fun it is.
It is amazingly fun to ride a wheel.
Yeah, we barbecued this afternoon already, and then we're gonna have some beer.
I can't drink and ride, so I'm riding now this afternoon with the kids, and then when I decide I'm done, I'm done.
Because it does take a lot of balance, and especially when you ride slow, you really need balance.
And inebriated, it is not possible.
Who was that?
Can go 50 miles an hour all the way to the scene of the crash.
Yes, exactly.
That's how it would work.
Yeah, I'm very excited about this week.
We've made a lot of progress.
And I've made a lot of progress, I think, behind the scenes.
I'm feeling very good about the first book now.
I have a good outline for it.
I'm getting very excited about it.
And so it's allowed me to focus a little bit more on leveling up finally.
And so yesterday I also got the original JC on a Bike bike out again.
Which is dope.
I'm very excited about that.
Very, very, very excited about that.
I think this audio should also be on.
It's been a long, long time since this bike rode.
And last night...
Oh man, I can't get it out of here.
I'll hide my sweatshirt.
This is frightening.
Sounds like a pain in the ass.
So... Hey buddy.
Bring him down here, would ya?
And then if you wouldn't mind, I could get my iPad.
That would be great.
It's on my toolbox over there.
Come, Mikey, over here.
Over here, you.
Oh, sure.
And your iPad?
Yeah, it's on my toolbox, please.
No?
Such a little boy you are.
Yeah, you're a little boy.
Stay here, little boy.
Hey, cool, I can see it now.
Now I can answer your chat.
You don't have to do that.
There's no reason to do that.
What are you swearing about?
Let's check out what we've got here.
There, I can see it now.
See?
Look.
Now that's perfect.
Come, Michael, have Ruby.
Come say hello.
How can I take away the shame you've done me for me?
You better come back, I will.
You're very tight still.
Going up there, my Ruby?
Okay.
Want to go up to the top again, too?
Where are you guys going?
Oh no!
I think I know what happens.
You know what happens is that when I plug it into the recording device that I have, the recording device adjusts automatically.
That's why the levels that I record from Jake at the gym are so good.
And I can't auto adjust the levels here like that to level it out right.
So it sounds funny.
I think that's why.
Hey, we can have this open.
Hey, it's open.
Come home.
Okay, well.
I can see the chat now.
I'm going to go write a little bit more so that I can get the battery run down and then I'm going to sign off.
So if you have any questions, you have any comments, say it in the chat now.
Hopefully my kids won't be walking through the camera too much and we'll see what's up.
I am live right now in the garage, so when you walk in here, you're on the screen.
I mean, you don't have to care, but I'm just telling you.
It's coming up.
I still have it on.
I didn't think about that.
I can still try it.
It's still wired up.
It was working very well.
Indeed.
It was working very well indeed.
Testing 1, 2, test.
Test 1, 2.
Yeah, you can still hear it a little bit.
It's still there.
It's probably echoey.
But this will work.
So I probably shouldn't use it.
Just to see what kind of sound I get out of it.
Good testing.
Always important to do good testing.
I want it to be right here, I guess.
It's a little bit better.
It's right in my ear.
Maybe it captures things.
There.
Okay, let's see what this does.
Testing 1, 2, test.
Test 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2.
Testing 1, 2, test.
Test 1, 2.
Test.
Segways suck.
Segways suck for so many reasons, but most of the reason why is that they suck.
Once you're on a wheel, I think the main advance for me, the main advance on wheels, I can't see, is going to be when you see me demonstrate riding with two ski poles.
Because if you have two trekking poles on a wheel, you can basically stop at any stop sign and you can turn really slowly with some skill and you can catch yourself a little bit when you fall.
I'm not absolutely sure that this is the best way to do it, but right now for me it's been a real game changer.
But I still practice without... I still practice without the poles and I would only use the poles if I was going to go for like a really long ride.
Where I knew that I was going to be stopping in traffic and stuff like that.
Then I think poles are really cool.
Otherwise I don't think poles are that cool.
So, let's see.
Hey, where are my gloves?
Who's growling?
Test one two, testing one two, testing one two, testing one two.
Testing 1, 2.
Test 1, 2.
How far did I get there?
I didn't really go up the hill that time.
Test 1, 2.
Testing, testing, test one, two.
Probably lost me there.
Bye.
You guys have to be the ref.
You guys are the ref.
Yeah, it's really only going slow.
I was saying it's really only going slow Going slow is really difficult because this wheel is really heavy this wheel actually weighs like I Don't know if it's 50 pounds or whatever, but like it's not very It's really hard to get on in the middle of the street like this if you try to get on with
one foot on the wheel and then you start with a smaller wheel this is easier but with a big wheel like this one it's kind of hard especially on an incline it's really tricky and so that's why I'm practicing all the time in here because the tight turns whoa I'm gonna crash
And those are the ones that when you do them in traffic, you're going to be like freaking out.
You know, you don't want to be freaking out, but that's what ends up happening, right?
You get nervous in traffic.
And so if you have to do these tricks, like this tick-tocking, if you have to do this trick without a stop sign or, you know, without a stick to hold on to, yeah, you're better than me.
I don't even know if I can do a single tick-tock, no, not without some help.
Like this.
I'm not so good at that.
That takes some skill that I don't have yet.
I don't even know if on this wheel it's actually very easy to do.
You'd be much better off wearing a top and catch the wheel in a balanced position.
Because if it's in a balanced position, even like a heavy weight, it's still light.
So when it gets out of balance, it gets quick.
You just have to practice keeping your foot in the right place, putting your foot in the right place also.
But it's not...
It's not a skill that you're going to learn without a little pain or without previous serious balance skill.
It's not something that you're going to want to pick up if you're, you know, 40 pounds overweight and you can't run a mile.
I mean, this is something that will beat the living hell out of your body and out of your legs and out of your core and out of your back until you're good at it.
And the trick is, is that with a, with a wheel like this,
With a wheel like this, your legs are the shock absorbers.
There are wheels now that they make that have suspension in them built into the wheel.
I don't know if I would... I'm sure I would like that because everybody likes it.
But I'm not sure that I would... I would say that I don't like this.
Because with this you're forced...
You're just a little bit more, oh damn it.
You're a little bit more forced to, well I'm also just not very good at it yet.
You're also forced to pay attention to the road.
The suspension allows you to kind of go gangbusters because if you hit a small pothole or something like that, it's not gonna throw you off because there is this shock absorption.
So I guess that's cool if you're like a,
If you're like one of these people who just rides like a bullet.
But I'm not.
And like I said, I'm still trying to learn how to control my wheel in slow motion.
And sometimes I'm really good at it.
And other times I'm just not.
For sure, with a little Sam Adams Cherry Wheat, I am not any good at it.
Um, I mean, you can see me here.
I'm walking backwards to the garage so that I can get ahold of the garage and talk to you without having to struggle.
Um, otherwise I would need to ride.
I can't just, this is a lot of exercise to ride so slow.
Um, I don't know if you can still hear me or not.
Is this still working?
I'm not going to do this all the time.
You know, my, my plan is not.
Mic correction, braking as you move.
Improves when you face the receiver.
Oh yeah, that's very possible.
I mean, the receiver's in the other room.
It's in the back of the garage, so it's very possible.
I don't even hear anything on this, though.
Holy cow, look at you two up there.
Having the drinks.
I like that.
Okay, I'm going to do one more round and then I'm going to turn the stream off and let you guys have your Memorial Day back.
Thanks for joining our little garage sale.
Sister against sister.
Daddy, do you ever go down for it?
And in reality, actually another thing that really happens, Hossain, is that...
Your feet need to be in exactly the right positions on the pedals or the wheel can oscillate.
So if you go really fast on this wheel and your feet aren't in the right position or you're, I'm a little weak, like I'm a little weak, the wheel will oscillate like this.
And if you don't get control of yourself and you're not good enough at getting the weight on one wheel, on one side of the wheel,
You can wipe out really bad.
So that's another thing with a heavier wheel that also happens.
And again, anybody who rides a wheel professionally or is much better than me will probably give you all different reasons why I'm a beginner and I suck.
And that's totally true.
I am.
I've only got about probably
300 miles on riding a wheel in total and a lot of those are in the Netherlands on a much smaller and slower wheel So I'm in over my head a little bit with this wheel But it is it is in a tremendous amount of fun, I mean I really really like it a lot it's just It's it's really a great pastime you just have to have your feet in the right spot and
not too far in the front because then you'll you'll be on the toes your toes will be too far on the on the on the pedals and then you'll wobble.
What?
Yeah.
You're welcome.
All right, thank you for helping me test my kit.
I know that things are going better.
Now with that sound, it sounds alright.
I think I'm going to be able to record with that.
Let me get this off of my head here.
There we go.
And get these off of my eyes.
Hey, thank you very much guys for helping me out today and for being here and I hope you guys are all having a
nice Memorial Day.
Those people outside of the United States, we here in the United States are remembering those who gave their lives for the American dream, whatever that is nowadays.
I know what it is for me and I know what it is for my children and for their children and I hope that
I don't know, I hope that you find a little peace today as you move into the week.
And America, and the world, I will see you tomorrow morning again at 1010.
for a regular live stream.
I've got a lot of videos that we need to work through yet.
And the high school curriculum is almost done.
The virology mini course is very, very close to complete.
And so I'm really looking forward to, I don't know, getting started again, let's say it that way.
But for now, I'm having a very relaxed day in the sun with my family.
And I hope you don't mind that I shared a little bit of that with you.
Thanks very much for being here.
And I'll see you again soon.